all welcome for implied tells you I'm
here to commentate on this one and it
Grey's here too well on the face of it
it's a friendly match but look at the
size of the crowd
know that friendly
it's a good pass
safekeeping
Malu de they look well organized at the
back now Cole
shielding the ball from the defender
Bendis license the clearance into touch
until you use the poor well
could defending now can he get at them
heat stroke Bob saw that coming
taking up with positions here trying to
get free
that was a late challenge
he's having a go
it's an average decency both of them
really went in hard their proper this is
an Elka never slow to get an extra man
poured in support whenever they can very
quick to cut them all out
good combination play they just run in
the game here playing in about town
where they live
did read that well did they
on the ball out there
now I go by night a refereed it was no
advantage
next why
Malouda oh look at the space he's caught
here he's happy to go
we make the positive SCN
calmly defended that's how given there
getting the ball doing but will when he
drops off like this can he make the most
of this good advantage played there by
the lower referee but sadly they've lost
the ball it's en be bad a bitch
showed some vision that
and they win it back she just managed to
stop him
actually ko
the defenders lost him
not on target tell you what it's such a
tight corner I can't believe you got a
shot are we a tall man out wide was
calling for it
it's been an absorbing first-half no
goals but no lack of suspense Malouda
good tackle he takes some stopping
these fellows in the challenge never
goes in half-heartedly SCA
and that is in the keepers hands now
knocked down sale our time here and the
teams go in where's nothing between them
for us
some teams like this one I wish you
wouldn't ask me because it's been pretty
poor everything's been in the midfield
area both teams have cancelled each
other though it's been picking two if
I'm being absolutely brutally honest but
the one thing I hope that beginning in
the second half we forget a goal then